---
title: Gradient

main-color: "213, 209, 223"
bg-color: "47, 25, 95"
bg-sec-color: "250, 166, 255"
---
 
Oh, my darling dearest.
 
Such an exquisite creature you were. Unique. One of a kind.
 
You knew this.
 
Every minute a child starved to death in Liberia and a failure hung by the neck in New York, while you’d masturbate in the mirror, gazing at your body in wonder as you came.
 
Transcendence.
 
Sound advice rolled off of you. You were the architect of your existence, always certain of what’s best for you, as you sat at your MacBook imbued with Marlboro smoke.
 
Shit food.
 
No workout.
 
Little sleep.
 
They never knew jack. They sure thought they did, but not a single one could fathom what it was like to be you.
 
_Arrogant prick._
 
But no, criticism was not your brand. Dogmas conditioning masses, constructs regulating societies, paradigms dictating lives—none could touch you.
 
You were perfect. The best one yet.
 
Swimming in cellular ocean, thinking in slow motion as the ordinaries led their pathetic illusions, you lightly drifted your way, marking your flux path in the water.
 
How fragile the towers we erect in our name.
 
How brittle the bones we abuse to carry our weight.
 
How futile the actions we take to maintain.
 
Yet you paid no heed. You saw no point. Laughing in their faces and spitting at their feet, you fought, unabashedly, your solitary battle.
 
They were there, though—others, occupying your universe: addicts, dealers, whores, convicts; cleaners, accountants, teachers, cashiers; visionaries, businessfolks, artists, millionaires—symbiotic cycles of own ecosystems.
 
Subsidiaries. Pawns. Vessels.
 
All there to serve you; bend to your will and at your command.
 
My liege.
 
And the most staggering of all had always been the illusion of community; the “help a brother out,” and “we’re all in this together.” My clever mastermind, you. They all believed you cared, that you were like them and equal, the fools and ignoramuses.
 
All deceived.
 
My special flower.
 
Why no, no, they weren’t like you at all, the lot of them. Certain similarities, yes, but none could match the intricacy of your mind, the complexity of your thought, the precision of your design. You looked into the mirror, naked, and carefully examined yourself, thinking, That can’t be right. We’re nothing alike.
 
But of course you were—or so they’d think—and you’d use it to your advantage, make them believe it, come out on top eventually anyway. You’d figure it out, as you always did.
 
You hub of the universe.
 
This was all yours, all of it. The world through your eyes was a world of your own. In it, you were the master and servant, the king and country, the blue and grey.
 
With everything yours for the taking, you gobbled it down, as was your right. What you left in your wake was never really a concern, as long as it wouldn’t keep you from further gobbling. That was what you lived, the gobbling life.
 
Consume. Ravage. Devour.
 
Your needs took center stage; anything required for the constitutional pursuit. It was clear to you, though no one ever understood. Well, of course they didn’t, they couldn’t—they weren’t you.
 
You were the most superior of beings in a world where all were inferior. Your ruminations were of the deepest, most profound kind in a reality where the worst simpletons had opinions to which they were entitled. Yours was the story worth telling the most in a life where everyone drawing a breath was a story.
 
The essence of the individual. The embodiment.
 
Yours.
 
Your.
 
You.