---
title: Story
color1: "#312a6e"
color2: "#fffbf5"
---

The day began as so many others did, and you didn't expect anything to differentiate it from the gray mass of the daily grind.

Typical.

You walked out your front door-your face a little puffy from that new shower gel you had bought, but at least you had showered in the first place-locked the door, lit a cigarette, and started walking down your usual route to the bus stop.

Oh, the perks of living in the suburbs.

It was cloudy with a light breeze, pleasant. You hardly noticed. As per usual, you desired to shield yourself from the world and other people by either looking down or blindly ahead, at nothing in particular. You hated going out. The very idea of interaction had never appealed to you. Other human beings, ugly and morose; public places and transportation, corrupt, stinking, dirty; the general vastness of the world you felt so disconnected from.

Ugh. Yuck.

You had always been quick to judge, form opinions on others at first glance, reduce them to a single spiteful thought without exchanging a word. The platitudes people used to describe this-not judging a book by its cover and looks being deceiving-amused you.

Hypocrites. They did it, too, all the time, but wouldn't care or dare admit it. They wouldn't be "the bad guy"; the one saying "the wrong thing".

You didn't care. You could be the bad guy. You could say the wrong thing.

Genuine in the misanthropy and dragging on the cigarette, you slowly ran your eyes over what you were passing on the way to the bus stop: a down-at-heel bum, a mother with three kids, an average Joe, a child with a backpack, an old man strolling along.

The list went on.

One-dimensional people with their one-dimensional lives entering your multi-dimensional reality for a split-second, not altering it a single bit, only to leave you undisturbed afterwards. Or it'd be you who'd leave them. Same end, different means.

You got to the bus stop, threw away your finished cigarette, and carried on gazing into the void, only occasionally glancing at people and things around you, out of boredom more than curiosity.

Then your eyes stopped for a while when they caught sight of something you couldn't recall ever seeing before. At least not the way you saw it now.

A girl around your age was sitting at the bench under the bus shelter. She was huddled up, trying to hide her face to no avail, shoulders shaking from quiet weeping. She seemed eerily exposed and vulnerable, clearly in need of aid of some sort, receiving none. Not one person at the bus stop seemed to notice her or care; she might have just as well been sitting there all by her lonesome, instead of being surrounded by strangers in the most exhaustive sense of the word-together, yet separate.

But she got to you. Somehow. You wished to know why she was crying, though rather to satisfy your curiosity than to help her. It wasn't that you didn't care altogether-in a way you pitied her and wanted her suffering to end-but far more amazing was the sheer fact that this completely random girl had caught your interest in the first place. You even seriously considered asking her about the cause of her state.

Astounding. All the possibilities of all the consequences that could unfold as a result of you opening your mouth and using your vocal cords to produce an utterance as short and simple as: "Are you all right?"

Maybe she would really appreciate it. Maybe you could become best friends. Maybe this could be your future wife.

Heh, you chuckled. *Maybe.*

You didn't ask. Obviously. You turned your head away and returned to the comfort of your nothingness. It's just how these things are. After a while, the girl rose from the bench and started walking away from the bus stop at a fast pace, as if she'd changed her mind about something. She clearly wasn't taking the bus anymore. Your eyes followed her trembling, petite silhouette until she turned right on the first corner. She was gone, likely forever, but the intrigue in you remained. At least for now.

The bus came; you entered it, and asked the driver for the ticket. As the man began punching in some numbers on his worn-out, obsolete machine, you looked at his tired face. He could have been around fifty, not the retirement age yet, so this must have been his day job. You wondered how he ended up doing this, what could possibly have made him choose to drive the exact same route every day for a living. *God, what a shitty job*, you thought. *What a shitty life.*

But maybe there was more to it than met the eye? Maybe he had had a really tough life and couldn't get proper education, so work like this was the only kind he was qualified to do? Maybe he got fucked over by a vicious boss and cajoled into an unfair contract he couldn't get out of? Or maybe he simply liked driving a bus, and helping people reach their destination was something he felt content devoting his existence to?

Musing.

You paid for your ticket and took a seat in the back, two rows behind a sleeping bum. He reeked of cheap booze and was probably drunk out of his mind. No other passenger was sitting next to him. Suddenly, all the random commuters were joined in their disdain for the man, giving him contemptful looks and twisting their faces in disgust.

You joined them in doing so, naturally, but then thought about the bum as you had about the bus driver. You couldn't imagine ever becoming like him, just wasting the precious time on this Earth away on getting constantly fucked up. Why? Why limit your life purpose to mooching hard-earned money from others, only to spend it on liquor? And then keep doing that until you finally dropped dead unnoticed?

You imagined what could have made this man this way. Had everyone in his life abandoned him, and he felt like he had nothing left to live for? Had something so horrible happened to him that all he could do is try to forget? Was this the only way he could cope with reality? Or had he just given up on everything and was nothing but human waste, a failure? Did he even deserve your pity or consideration? What if the most humane thing to do was to just let him go about his business and eventually stop being anybody's business?

Questions. So many questions.

The doors closed and the bus went on its way. As time passed by and miles were covered, you examined your fellow commuters, your brothers in arms, your unlikely heroes. All were the same species, same flesh and bone, yet each so different, so unique-to the point where they all looked the same.

Most of the time. But not today.

A girl that got on the bus after a few stops caught your eye. There had been no empty seats left, so she stood next to the exit as the bus drove on. You started eyeing her body. She was hot. An eight out of ten, at least. Skin-tight jeans covering full ass, black leather jacket over reasonably-sized boobs, white blouse, nice cleavage, pretty face, dark complexion, shoulder blade-long brown hair. Nice. You'd definitely hit that.

In that moment you realized how objectified women were in your eyes; how objectified women were in the eyes of men. The first question coming to your mind when you saw a woman you didn't know: "Would I do her?" If the answer was "yes", you thought how you'd go about it, but not by asking, "Would she do me?" but rather, "Would she give it to me?"

*Huh.* You had never thought about it this way before.

What if she would do you? At a club, drunk, whatever-if did happen, you wondered why exactly she would do that. She was rather out of your league, and people didn't fuck down, only up or across, so why? You reckoned it was because she was a slut, plain and simple, but then considered if perhaps there'd been more to the story. Daddy issues? Self-esteem boost? Revenge fucking? What if she'd experienced something so intense that it had forever changed the way she saw men and was with them? That way she would be dying a little more inside with every penis entering her.

Wow. That's horrible.

But maybe she wouldn't do you at all? Who said an eight-out-of-ten couldn't have self-respect and not be a whore? Maybe she was just a girl next door, looking for her one and only somewhere out there, and she just happened to be very attractive? What if your entire image of women had been warped by an unhealthy obsession with sex in the first place, and she was not to blame at all? Maybe you were a pathetic douchebag who couldn't think even a single desexualized thought about the opposite sex? Would that mean you were the one with issues, not the nice lady on the crappy bus?

How about that?

The hot girl got off the bus at the next stop, leaving you sitting there in your uncomfortable seat, bewildered with those new revelations. You concluded that such consideration could be given to every other person taking that bus with you. No, not just that-more.

Every other person in the world.

A forgotten Eskimo freezing his ass off in Greenland. An oppressed soldier fearing for his life in North Korea. A twenty-something hotshot in an Israeli start-up.

Everyone was a story.

You pondered that for a while, awestruck. The moment felt special. Alas, it didn't take long for your mind to slowly wander off to other things, as the noisy bus carried you unhurriedly to your destination. You wished it would get there already; you very much wanted to smoke.

You doubted those musings would have a lasting effect on the rest of your life. It seemed unlikely that from here on out you'd start seeing everybody in a different light, or change the way you were with others.

It saddened you. Would this whole trip account to nothing in the large scheme of things? Had it meant nothing? Would nothing at all remain?

You didn't want that. This was too important to wholly disappear in the infinity of your thoughts. You wanted to remember something.

Anything.

That you were but a single wave in a sea of stories.

Yes, that. At least that. You hoped to keep at least that in mind, writing your own story.